Belén Esteban celebrates her 50th birthday
with Miguel Marcos and sálvame with half of
Tele5 and Antena 3 the people I love my
friends of always I mean they are the friends
of real life V maestro R join
us man what is the
maestro doing yado that all the weirdos are here he
saw you on the 40 principales the other
day giving out an award And you say but
this who is it
Belén Esteban's multitudinous birthday celebrated 50 years at
the capital theater one of the
top clubs in Madrid this time she didn't rent the
whole club but I already told you
that she spent her 10,000 euros on
this celebration here you can see
Belén Esteban better from brigi brgy with
a bag Well the truth Well yes
night look Well that night look let's
see I think that right now with the
piercing that I have I would look more discreet than
Belén Esteban with that suit to tastes
colors eh